README.md, before:

# [yaca.systems](https://yaca.systems/) for [alt:V](https://altv.mp/), [FiveM](https://fivem.net/) & [RedM](https://redm.net/)

This is a ui implementation for [alt:V](https://altv.mp/), [FiveM](https://fivem.net/) & [RedM](https://redm.net/).
Feel free to report bugs via issues or contribute via pull requests.

Join our [Discord](http://discord.yaca.systems/) to get help or make suggestions and start
using [yaca.systems](https://yaca.systems/) today!

# Features

- Radio UI

# Config FiveM / RedM

| Variable                                | Type                           | Description                                                                             |
|-----------------------------------------|--------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| keybinds.open_Radio                     | `string`                       | The default keybinding for open the radio ui, set to `false` to disable.                |

# Exports FiveM / RedM

<details>
<summary style="font-size: x-large">Client</summary>

### Radio

#### `openRadio(state: bool)`

Open or close the radio ui.

| Parameter | Type      | Description             |
|-----------|-----------|-------------------------|
| state     | `boolean` | the phone speaker state |

#### `setRadioChannelData(data: object)`

Sets the radio channel data in the ui, it's mainly called by yaca-voice resource.

| Parameter | Type      | Description             |
|-----------|-----------|-------------------------|
| data     | `object` | Current settings from a specific radio channel |

#### `isRadioOpen(): boolean`

Returns whether the radio ui is open as `boolean`.

</details>

# Events

<details>
<summary style="font-size: x-large">Client</summary>

### yaca:external:radioClosed

The event is triggered when the radio ui gets closed.

</details>

# Developers

If you want to contribute to this project, feel free to do so. We are happy about every contribution. If you have any
questions, feel free to ask in our [Discord](http://discord.yaca.systems/).

## Building the resource

To build the resource, you need to have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) installed. After that, you can run the following
commands to build the resource:

```bash
pnpm install
pnpm run build
```

Commit message:

feat: no voice plugin message

README.md, after:

# [yaca.systems](https://yaca.systems/) for [alt:V](https://altv.mp/), [FiveM](https://fivem.net/) & [RedM](https://redm.net/)

This is a ui implementation for [alt:V](https://altv.mp/), [FiveM](https://fivem.net/) & [RedM](https://redm.net/).
Feel free to report bugs via issues or contribute via pull requests.

Join our [Discord](http://discord.yaca.systems/) to get help or make suggestions and start
using [yaca.systems](https://yaca.systems/) today!

# Features

- Radio UI
- Multiple Styles for a UI if teamspeak plugin is not activated

# Config General

| Variable                                | Type                           | Description                                                                             |
|-----------------------------------------|--------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| noactive_plugin_ui.usage                | `boolean`                      | If the teamspeak plugin is not activated, the ui will be displayed in a different style, default false. |
| noactive_plugin_ui.style                | `number`                       | The style of the ui if the teamspeak plugin is not activated.                           |
| noactive_plugin_ui.freezeplayer         | `boolean`                      | If the teamspeak plugin is not activated, the player will be frozen.                    |
| noactive_plugin_ui.logo                 | `string`                       | Empty string means the default yaca logo is displayed, else the logo via a http url     |

# Config FiveM / RedM

| Variable                                | Type                           | Description                                                                             |
|-----------------------------------------|--------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| keybinds.open_Radio                     | `string`                       | The default keybinding for open the radio ui, set to `false` to disable.                |

# Exports FiveM / RedM

<details>
<summary style="font-size: x-large">Client</summary>

### Radio

#### `openRadio(state: bool)`

Open or close the radio ui.

| Parameter | Type      | Description             |
|-----------|-----------|-------------------------|
| state     | `boolean` | the phone speaker state |

#### `setRadioChannelData(data: object)`

Sets the radio channel data in the ui, it's mainly called by yaca-voice resource.

| Parameter | Type      | Description             |
|-----------|-----------|-------------------------|
| data     | `object` | Current settings from a specific radio channel |

#### `isRadioOpen(): boolean`

Returns whether the radio ui is open as `boolean`.

</details>

# Events

<details>
<summary style="font-size: x-large">Client</summary>

### yaca:external:radioClosed

The event is triggered when the radio ui gets closed.

</details>

# Developers

If you want to contribute to this project, feel free to do so. We are happy about every contribution. If you have any
questions, feel free to ask in our [Discord](http://discord.yaca.systems/).

## Building the resource

To build the resource, you need to have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) installed. After that, you can run the following
commands to build the resource:

```bash
pnpm install
pnpm run build
```
